first-language.md, before:

# Your first language

As in real world, we start communicating with each other via the [language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language), however, we cannot talk with our machines in English, we need something, called [programming language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language). Differences? A few. A programming language is a [formal language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formal_language) that specifies what the machine should do, they are **set of rules**. However, not all programming languages are equal, nor have the same purposes, for example, in web browsers, you are currently reading a book, which content is contained in a structured [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) page, stylized by [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets), and [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript), which runs the scripts needed for the website to work and display the information correctly. We are using three very different languages just to read this book.

## Programming languages

- **JavaScript** is a widely used with coverage in almost every browser. It is a dynamic, [object-oriented](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), [imperative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming), [functional](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming), [event driven](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming) language, it runs the front-end scripts from almost every website in the [World Wide Web](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web). Nowadays, thanks to [Node.js](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Node.js), you can also run JavaScript in the back-end. Example of Hello World:

```javascript
console.log('Hello World!');
```

- **Python** is a widely used and powerful [object-oriented](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), [imperative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming), [functional](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming), [procedural](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming) language. Nowadays it is widely used for machine learning and videogame development, but it is also used for science due to its powerful math calculation. Example of Hello World:

```python
print('Hello World!');
```

Commit message:

Some extra formatting and corrections

first-language.md, after:

# Your first language

In real world, we  communicate with each other via [language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language) such as speech or gestures, however when we need to talk to a computer we need to employ something language, but not human language; something called [programming language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language).

Differences? A few. A programming language is a [formal language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formal_language) that specifies what the machine should do, they're made up of a **set of rules**. Each rule has in input action and an output action. However not all programming languages are equal, nor have the same purposes, for example, in web browsers, what you are currently reading a book in, content or what you see on the page is contained in a structured [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) page, stylized by [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets), and [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript) which runs the scripts needed for the website to work and display the information correctly. We are using three very different languages just to read this book.

As with websites, often more then one language can be combined to produce higher-quality content.

## Programming languages
There are hundreds of programming languages in existence, with more being created each year, but here are some good starter languages.

- **JavaScript** is a widely used with coverage in almost every browser. It is a dynamic, [object-oriented](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), [imperative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming), [functional](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming), [event driven](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming) language, it runs the front-end scripts from almost every website in the [World Wide Web](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Web). Nowadays, thanks to [Node.js](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Node.js), you can also run JavaScript in the back-end. Example of Hello World:

```javascript
console.log('Hello World!');
```

- **Python** is a widely used and powerful [object-oriented](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-oriented_programming), [imperative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_programming), [functional](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming), [procedural](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Procedural_programming) language. Nowadays it is widely used for machine learning and videogame development, but it is also used for science due to its powerful math calculation. Example of Hello World:

```python
print('Hello World!');
```
